Improved warning message in fcast.R (#5976)
Rdatatable/data.table: NEWS.md

4. Erroneous assignment calls in `[` with a trailing comma (e.g. ``DT[, `:=`(a = 1, b = 2,)]``) get a friendlier error since this situation is common during refactoring and easy to miss visually. Thanks @MichaelChirico for the fix.

> 5. Improved the console message within the `dcast.data.table` function in the `fcast.R` file. This enhancement clarifies situations where duplicate row/column combinations exist in the data table without a specified aggregate function, offering clearer guidance, especially for beginners. Solution implemented by @Nj221102.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. `dcast()` message about `fun.aggregate` defaulting to `length()` when aggregation is necessary does better explaining the behavior, which can be confusing if duplicates were unexpected, and suggesting alternatives. cified aggregate function, offering clearer guidance, especially for beginners, [#5217](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5217). Thanks @MichaelChirico for the suggestion and @Nj221102 for the fix.
```

> 5. `dcast()` message about `fun.aggregate` defaulting to `length()` when aggregation is necessary does better explaining the behavior, which can be confusing if duplicates were unexpected, and suggesting alternatives. cified aggregate function, offering clearer guidance, especially for beginners, [#5217](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5217). Thanks @MichaelChirico for the suggestion and @Nj221102 for the fix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. `dcast()` message about `fun.aggregate` defaulting to `length()` when aggregation is necessary, which could be confusing if duplicates were unexpected, does better explaining the behavior and suggesting alternatives, [#5217](https://github.com/Rdatatable/data.table/issues/5217). Thanks @MichaelChirico for the suggestion and @Nj221102 for the fix.
```
